Welcome, in this video, we're going to fork
the organization's repository back to our individual account.
Now that we've transferred the repository named website
from my individual account into the organization,
I still want a personal copy of that particular repository
to work on on my own and then contribute changes
back to the organization level at a later time.
To do that, I need to fork this repository; so click on the repository "website",
Going into here, we see that we are clearly in the "my-organization-example"
version of this repository; and to be clear, if I go back to my account
the repository "website" is associated with
"my-organization-example" and not my personal account.
To create a copy that's on my personal account, I'm going to click on the "Fork" button
and since I have both my private account and an organization,
I'm given the opportunity to choose where to fork the repository.
The option for the current location is, of course, greyed out since we're already there,
so I'm going to choose my personal account, which is "@jasongtaylor".
Great, now I have successfully forked that repository,
which has taken me to the "jasongtaylor" version of that repository,
and I see that I have, underneath that, it tells me that I am forked from
the my organization version of that repository.
This is the general workflow that I like to do when I'm working with organizations;
is that I will transfer any repositories that were at my personal level,
to the organization, and then I will fork them back to my personal account on GitHub;
you cannot set up the relationship after the fact.